Beheim/release0.6 (#406)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/techniques/type-model.md

For instance, we can pass the function `SquareOperation` defined above to any input expecting type ` ((Qubit => Unit) -> (Qubit => Unit))`.
Informally, we can read that type as "a classical function which takes operations on a single qubit and returns operations on a single qubit."

In order to require support for the `Controlled` and/or `Adjoint` functor in an operation type, we need to add an annotation indicating the corresponding characteristics.
An annotation `is Ctl` for example indicates that the operation is controllable. 
If we want to require that an operation of that type supports both the `Adjoint` and `Controlled` functor we can express this as `(Qubit => Unit is Adj + Ctl)`. 
The used operation characteristics `Adj` and `Ctl` strictly speaking are two pre-defined sets of labels, where each label indicates a particular operation characteristics like e.g. support for a particular functor.

> Hence, `+` is used to indicate the union of those two sets, and `*` is used to indicate the intersection - i.e. the labels that are common to both sets.  

Reviewer: Actually, we use `+` as if it were intersection: when we say that an operation `is Adj + Ctl`, we mean that it has both adjoint and controlled specializations, which is to say it's in the intersection of `Adj` and `Ctl`...

Author: While I would have like to have Adj be the set of all operations that is adjointable, we unfortunately can't do that, precisely because no inverse element exists for intersection. Hence, Adj is one of the predefined *sets of labels*, specifically Adj = {"Adjointable"}, and Ctl = {"Controllable"}. Adj + Ctl is indeed the set union Adj + Ctl = {"Adjointable", "Controllable"}, used to indicate that the labels "Adjointable" and "Controllable" are both true for that operation.

```

This statement creates a new type which is effectively a label for a particular tuple type.
Values of the new type are created by calling the corresponding type constructor:

```
let realUnit = Complex(1.0, 0.0);
let imaginaryUnit = Complex(0.0, 1.0);
```

> In order to access the items in a user defined type, the tuple first needs to be "cast" to the corresponding tuple type. 

Reviewer: I would use a different term than "cast". I would avoid the word "cast" at all costs...
I like "unwrap", but I could handle other terms. I just really don't want to use the word "cast" -- PTSD from C++...

Author: edited

> In order to access the items in a user defined type, the tuple first needs to be "cast" to the corresponding tuple type. 

Reviewer 2: Do we want this to be called a "cast"?

newtype Polar = (Double, Double);
```

> Even though both `Complex` and `Polar` both derive from `(Double, Double)`, the two types are wholly incompatible in Q#, minimizing the risk of accidentally calling a complex math function with polar coordinates and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though both `Complex` and `Polar` are both wrapped versions of `(Double, Double)`, the two types are wholly incompatible in Q#, minimizing the risk of accidentally calling a complex math function with polar coordinates and vice versa.
```
